Hi everyone, come in and find somewhere to sit down. Sorry it's a bit of a mess, I'll
put the fans on the shelf. Let me have a look. You've got so many fans.
Yes, about 60. Where did you get them? Most of them are presents. People often give
me fans as presents because they know I like them. Do you collect anything?
Yes, I collect coins and notes. You know, like British pounds and US dollars.
Coins, they must be really valuable. Can I see them? Sure, I'll show you my stamps too.
I've collected stamps from all over the world. I've got six or seven books of stamps.
My hobby doesn't cost as much as yours. I collect tickets, bus tickets and train tickets.
You can't do anything with all tickets. I know, but when I look at them, I remember some
wonderful places. Right, their value isn't always important. People also collect things just
to remember something important in their lives.